“Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.” – Arnold Schwarzenegger
“The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.” – Ernest Hemingway
“I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.” – Audrey Hepburn
“Life is very interesting. In the end, some of your greatest pains become your greatest strengths.” – Drew Barrymore
“Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.” – William Ellery Channing
“Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.” – Khalil Gibran
“One’s dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but it can never be taken away unless it is surrendered.” – Michael J. Fox
“There is a saying in Tibetan, ‘Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength.”No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that’s our real disaster.” - 14th Dalai Lama
“It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is well done.” - Vincent Van Gogh
“The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.” – Criss Jami
“And one has to understand that braveness is not the absence of fear but rather the strength to keep on going forward despite the fear.” – Paulo Coelho
“A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles.” – Christopher Reeve
“He who believes is strong; he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.” – Louisa May Alcott
“You have power over your mind – not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.” – Marcus Aurelius
“Anyone can give up; it is the easiest thing in the world to do. But to hold it together when everyone would expect you to fall apart, now that is true strength.” – Chris Bradford
"Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm." - Abraham Lincoln
"Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies." - Mother Teresa
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle." - Napoleon Hill
"You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice." - Bob Marley
"Life doesn't get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient." - Steve Maraboli
"Courage is grace under pressure." - Ernest Hemingway
"Courage is found in unlikely places." - J. R. R. Tolkien
"Try to look at your weakness and convert it into your strength. That's success." - Zig Ziglar
“You can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will.” ― Stephen King
“It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.” ― Mark Twain
“I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.” ― Nelson Mandela
“It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.” ― Theodore Roosevelt
“It is not the strength of the body that counts, but the strength of the spirit.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien
“If you don't take risks, you'll have a wasted soul.” ― Drew Barrymore
“Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.” ― John Wayne
